
Open ur repo with V S code editor

Now 1st 
git status
git init
git add --a
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git status

Till now we are in master Branch

Creating new Branch as an piyush now
git checkout -b piyush
Do changes in piyush branch what we want now 

Then, for merge this two branch
1sr come in  master branch by using following command
git checkout master
Now u are in master Branch

To merge piyush Branch with in Master use following command

git merge piyush

Now piyush Branch merge with Master 

But If it is giving error (known as merge conflict )
then go to   V S code editor , select changes what we need in ur MASTER branch.

Now after select changes what we need in ur MASTER branch ,do following steps
git status
git add --a
git commit -m "2ed commit fixed all problem now"
git status

Finally run ones again the following command

git merge piyush

And u can see that ur piyush Branch is merged now in MASTER branch

If another cmd known as  weem editor opens, (This cmd open when u do not write -m in 2ed commit)
Then  press ESC key and write :wq

And u can see that ur piyush Branch is merged now in MASTER branch




Branching & Merging a Production Grade Project | Git Tutorials #16
Hey everyone welcome, Today we are going to learn how to merge branches in Git. So let’s get started. 

Note: This is a recap video of everything we have done so far in this series. Also I have explained merging branches in this video. If you want to recap everything and then want to learn git merge, then watch the complete video. And if you just came to learn merging see down below.



 
Let’s see how to merge branches:
Open Git Bash on your local repository.
Let’s create a branch by typing “git checkout -b branchname”.
Now if you modify the files in the repo and do “git status” it will show you “on Branch branchname” which means you are changing files on the branch you have created.
Let’s stage these files by using “git add .” and commit these changes by typing “git commit -m “commit message” ”.
Now if you do “git checkout master” then you will see that the files on your repo will revert to the master branch where we haven’t made any changes.
Now if we do “git merge branchname” it will merge those branches.
Now we just need to stage and commit those changes by typing “git add .” & “git commit -m “commit message” ”.
 

So this is how you merge 2 different branches. I hope this has cleared your doubts. Thank you for watching.


 
