
If ur repo is present on github then it is known as remote repo

If we want to add another Branch named as piyush in  default master branch of ur remote repo then use following commands

Go to the branch which we want to add in remote repo
git checkout piyush

Pushing piyush branch to remote repo by using following command
git push origin piyush

Pushing piyush branch to remote repo with named as piyushchavhan by using following command
git push origin piyush: piyushchavhan

To delete the Branch we is already uploaded on github name as piyush
Use following command to delete it from directly github
git push -d origin piyush



Pushing Git Branches To Remote Repositories | Git Tutorials #19
Hey everyone welcome, Today we are going to learn How can you push your branches to remote servers like Github. So let’s get started. 

So let’s open git bash and run “git status” so see if you have any files to track and “git log” to see what you did on your last commits. Also check the branches you have in your repo by typing “git branch ”. Now let’s go to github.com and login using our username and password. After that click on New repository, and Give a name and description to your repository and press Create repository. Now look for the “Push an existing repository from the command line” tab and copy the first command which looks like this “git remote add origin git@github.com:username/reponame.git”. Now come to the git bash and paste this command. Now if you do “git remote -v” it will show you that Origin has been added. Now Let’s push our code by typing “git push -u origin main”. Make sure that you have staged and committed your files. When you press enter after the command it will open the github login page, and you just need to login using your same github account and press login.



 
Now we will push our other branches to github. First let’s switch the branch by typing “git checkout branchname”. And if we now type “git push origin branchname” and press enter, it will push that branch to github and we can check that on github.

We can also merge our branches to the main branch and push the changes. We need to switch to the main branch first by typing “git checkout main” Now we will merge the branch by typing “git merge branchname” and merge it. Now we will delete the unnecessary branch by typing “git branch -d branchname”. Now if we do “git status” it will show us only the main branch. And now we will push the changes by typing “git push -u origin main”. Now also remove the branch from remote repository too by typing “git push -d origin branchname”. And now if you check on github you will see that the branch has been deleted.

 

So this is it. I hope this has cleared your doubts. Thank you for watching.


 
